---
layout: post
title: "White-Winged Harpy Chapter 3"
permalink: harpy/0003
categories: ['harpy']
tags: ['harpy1']
chapter: 3
translator: Jodas
notes: "1: The Wedge Tower"
---

## [V1C3] Open Your Eyes, Pretty Boy

Once Tia had taken one step into the Serwio forest that would serve as the testing site, she stopped and opened the bag she had been given.\
She had taken just one step. Obviously she could still see the testing officials, Hegelich and Röhm.
Hegelich raised an eyebrow.

"At least go far enough in that we can't see you?"

"......Why? I'm the last one, so it's not like I'm bothering anyone?"

"It's a psychological problem, you. We can't relax, you know?"

Psychological. It was a hard word, but Tia thought it fit perfectly.

"Uh-huh. Psycho-logical problem."

Hegelich raised his eyebrows as if to say *what do you think that means?*\
She wasn't very good at explaining. Tia tried her best to find the right words.

"I thought that none of the other applicants would be willing to attack me somewhere where the test officials can see. Psycho-logically."

—They have to find Wedge Medals hidden throughout the forest, then bring them back by noon on the day after tomorrow.

—If you get hurt or die during the exam, it's your own responsibility. All personal items, including weapons, are permitted.

Those are the rules of this exam.\
Therefore, it's not forbidden to hinder the other applicants. Even if you kill someone and steal their belongings, you will not be disqualified.\
Humans have a habit of avoiding violence if they feel like someone else is watching them.\
The further she goes into the forest, the fewer eyes will be on her, and the more danger Tia will be in.

"That's why this is the safest place for me to confirm my important belongings."

Ignoring the silent Hegelich, Tia kneeled down and dug through the bag she had been given.

(Inside the bag is a map, some rations... and this is the key?)

It was a thin piece of wood just large enough to hold in the palm of her hand. It looked to be one quarter of a large disk with delicate patterns carved into its surface.\
Tia tried to trace the pattern with her fingers and sniffed it for any scents, but she couldn't see any signs of a mechanism. If this was a key, it was a strange one.\
Next came the map. The Serwio Forest that spread out to the East of the Wedge Tower looked long and thin when seen from the sky, with mountainous areas becoming more common as you went North. The exam site was on the relatively flat southern end.\
Three spots on the map were marked with Xs. Those were probably where the Wedge Medals were.

"Are there only three Wedge Medals?"

"I can't answer that question. Figure it out by yourself."

Hegelich answered Tia's question bluntly.\
"Uh-huh," Tia sounded as she glared at the map.

(I'm glad I learned how to read a map before I came here!)

The test site was in a relatively flat ares, but still the altitude increased sharply as you headed North.\
While the testing site itself was not that large, when you take the altitude changes into account, it would probably take quite a while to get there.\
If she went to the farthest X, she would probably have just enough time to get there and back before the time limit.\
In addition, the words *'In case of emergency, head South'* were written on the edge of the map.

"Shouldn't you be heading off?"

"Okaaay!"

Rushed by Hegelich, Tia folded. up the bag with the map, rations, and key as tightly as possible and hid it under her clothing. 'If it's precious to you, keep it close,' after all.\
All set! Tia let out a huff and energetically waved towards Hegelich and Röhm. 

"I'm off!"

"...Just go already!"

"If it gets dangerous, run South!"

Turning her back on Hegelich, who shooed her off like a dog; and Röhm, who offered words of advice; Tia headed deeper into the forest.\
Her goal: the closest X.

***

Once he could no longer see the form of the young girl, Tia, running stiltedly deeper into the forest, the test official Hegelich let out a sigh.

Melchior John Hegelich was the Director of the Wedge Tower's Guidance Office, and the man responsible for guiding those who pass this examination.\
Which is to say that among these applicants are his future students.\
If all of them were to fail, Hegelich's job would get easier, but he knew the leaders of the Tower would not be happy with that.

"Seriously, children are just so hard to work with. We should seriously consider limiting the exam to sixteen and over... don't you think so, Miss Röhm?"

"Well, ahaha, I was about that age when I took the exam myself, so..."

Röhm smiled wistfully.\
Due to her short bangs, her eyebrows were clearly visible, and their angle expressed her emotions more fluently than her words ever could.\
"Hmph." Hegelich grunted.

"You should understand, then.This is not the type of exam that children should take."

"Precisely because they're that age, I think they can push each other to succeed. That's how I did it."

Anneliese Röhm was an exceptional mage. She had talent and passion. Those with talent like her were not a common sight.

Hegelich fell silent and Röhm looked into his face from below.\
She had the same eyes as that white-haired girl from earlier.\
Eyes that were aware of the challenges, and yet remained honest and determined.

"Director Hegelich. I do not regret coming to the Wedge Tower. I never have."

There are those who knock on the Wedge Tower's gate filled with hope.\
Then there are those with nowhere else to go, who choose the Wedge Tower as their final home.\
Which of these are more unfortunate, Hegelich had no clue. It was a question not even worth answering.

***

"The closest X mark~, Up we go~, Tot-to-ko-to!♪"

That song was a parody, using the melody of a commonly-heard nursery rhyme throughout the Empire.\
A young girl with white hair just past her shoulders strolled through the forest singing this carefree song, changing the lyrics as she went.\
She was watched by a young boy, staring from behind a tree.

(Is she an idiot!? Why are you singing while you walk? It's like you're trying to let everyone know where you are! And she's telling everyone she's headed for the closest X mark, too!)

"The closest X mark~, Down we go~, Tot-to-ko-to!♪"

(I tried to help her 'cause I knew she'd be at the biggest disadvantage when they started talking about start order, but she didn't even notice! ...She's definitely an idiot. A real dumbass.)

"Up we go, down we go, tot-to-ko-to!♪ Tot-to-ko-to-ko-to, tot-to-ko-to!♪"

*That said, what's up with this song?* The boy narrowed his eyes.\
For such a random parody song, it was strangely well-done.\
He had no knowledge about music, but he could tell each and every note was on pitch, the transitions were smooth, and the sound quality was excellent.

(Wow, she's really good... Wait, why am I listening to this?... Ah, what should I do? Should I call out to her, or should I wait a little longer...?)

"Tot-to-ko-to-ko-to-ko... Pyo?"

The song cut out. Suddenly the boy who'd been watching over this white-haired girl jolted back to reality.\
It looked like there was a man standing in front of that girl. A middle-aged man with brown hair who had the air of someone accustomed to roughing people up.

"Hey, little lady. You were the last one to show up, right?"

"Uh-huh, yep!"

The man bared his yellowed teeth and plastered a fake pleasant smile on his face.
Oh, what a suspicious smile!

(...That man was applicant number 16. The next number was a guy just like him, so this is definitely a trap.)

There was no time to hesitate. Damn, he swore as his stomach knotted up.

(At times like this, I have to show off a true pretty boy's friendly smile! Behold, the pretty boy smile!)

***

That brown-haired man asked Tia with a smile.

"Is this your first time?"

"Yep. First time. How about you, old man?"

"Ah, it's also the first time for this old man. How about it, what say we work together to pass?"

"Okay."

Tia nodded without a second thought, and the man's smile that he'd been holding since they met deepened.

"Thank you, I'm Seitz. By the way, have you figured out the trick behind the keys yet?"

"The trick behind the keys?"

When he mentioned the keys, he must have been referring to that engraved wooden quarter-circle. Tia currently had hers hidden under her clothes.\
Was there really a trick in that piece of wood? As Tia tilted her head back and forth, Seitz hunched over and spoke in a whisper.

"The grooves on the back of the key can move."

"Really!?"

"There's a trick to making them move. Here, let me teach you."

Seitz reached his hand out towards her, so Tia grabbed it and shook firmly. \
Seitz looked at Tia with a confused expression.

"Uhm, little lady?"

"Handshake! When you want to get along with someone, you do a handshake!"

"No, that's not it, I was asking for your key..."

Seitz was going to continue speaking when they heard rustling footsteps approaching.
Tia broke off the handshake and whipped around.\
There was a young boy headed their way. A boy with beautiful golden hair that extended down to his back. He was about the same age and height as Tia, wearing high-quality but poorly-fitted clothing with the hems rolled up.\
Tia remembered the boy's face.

(That was the boy who waved at me when they were explaining the rules......)

The boy stopped in front of Tia. Caressed by the wind, his shining golden hair billowed and flowed behind him. 
Out of breath, the boy's green eyes shined brightly and looked expectantly at Tia and the man.

"Please let me go with you!"

*What an amazingly soft and persuasive voice,* Tia thought.
 
