---
layout: post
title: "White-Winged Harpy Chapter 15"
permalink: harpy/0015
categories: ['harpy']
tags: ['harpy1']
chapter: 15
translator: Jodas
notes: "1: The Wedge Tower"
---

## [Characters]

Tia Vogel (15)\
A young girl with white hair and amber eyes who wants to be a mage. She wants to learn flight magic at the Wedge Tower and soar through the sky.\
Her true identity is the Harpy of Breakneck Gorge, Folulutia.\
After eating a strange candy, she can return to Harpy form for a mere five minutes.

Wren (14)\
A clever pretty boy with golden hair and azure eyes. "Unique Skill: Pretty Boy"\
No matter how tired his face gets, he can return to pretty boy status in only three seconds.

Sevil (20)\
A curved sword wielder with black hair and purple eyes. A beauty wearing a man's military uniform.

Wedge Tower Mages

Melchior John Hegelich\
Director of the Wedge Tower's Guidance Office. An old man with glasses and a blond bowl cut.

Anneliese Röhm\
Member of the Wedge Tower's Guidance Office. Brown hair. A young woman with short bangs. Nice.

Cordula Linke\
Director of the Wedge Tower's Library Office. Wears her wavy blonde hair tied up in a braid.\
Assertive and gentle. Uses books with Monsters sealed inside.

The Gatekeeper Man\
A mage of the Wedge Tower.\
An old man who appeared in the very first episode and still doesn't understand kids these days.\
Has lost his wife and daughter.

Frederik\
A mage of the Wedge Tower.\
Mr. Smiley who's good at flight magic.

Applicants

John Rose\
Mr. Fuzzy with red hair. Muscular. Gave out plums.\
Like Tia, got the meeting point wrong and arrived late.

Oliver Lange\
Mr. Spiky-Smiley known as the 'Red Rain.' Has his light brown hair in spikes.\
A man on his fourth try at the exam. Appears to have leaped over the tribulations like a wild hare.

Julius Löwenich\
A black-haired boy with a snake-like aura. Has a contracted spirit.\
Hired the mercenaries Seitz and Rand.\
Remember him as the guy who laughs like "Ku, ku, ku"

Ella Frank\
A glasses-wearing woman with sand-colored hair worn in a braid.\
Picked up a Wedge Medal by coincidence and passed.\
The fact that she was applicant number one is testament to her diligent attitude.

Rukiye Sorge\
A woman with the air of an artisan who wears a turban around her straight blonde hair.\
During the test, she was attacked by another applicant but saved by Rose.\
When the wild hare showed up to pester him, she immediately acted like she didn't know him.


Sorry there were so many characters that appeared.\
For the time being, it's okay to forget about the mercenaries Seitz and Rand who stole keys.